# ice-hocky-player-IMU-data-classfication

At the time of the Beijing Winter Olympics, ice hockey has received unprecedented attention and attention. There are few domestic ice hockey related sports researches, especially those involving sensors and motion recognition and classification. In order to classify the 6-axis IMU data of the ice hockey player's feet collected in the experiment according to the action type, the method and effect of the combination of the classic machine learning algorithm and the action classification of the ice hockey action are explored. This paper first studies the basic theories of three classic machine learning algorithms, including support vector machines, K-nearest neighbors and random forests used in classification. Secondly, it provides solutions for the collection and processing of ice hockey footstep data collected by the 6-axis IMU sensors on both feet. The main steps are experimental collection, data segmentation, feature engineering, filtering and noise reduction. Finally, input the processed feature data into the model, use grid search method to optimize the hyperparameters, realize the construction of the optimal model, and evaluate and compare the classification results with a multi-dimensional model comprehensive evaluation system. It is concluded that the support vector machine algorithm should be selected for the machine learning pursuit of ice hockey foot movement data based on the 6-axis IMU sensor data of the foot.

Download the all py files and three data files , then run you will complete the ice hocky player IMU data classfication
